Volodin
to calculate
wherein
Hello dear friends with you camp
today I will show you a very interesting
mod which will add to several such
blocks more precisely allow for
gather in these blocks and add one
moba
but as the mob is shorter, we will connect
we will understand further what is this
blocks this block would ordinarily be coal
have it appear in newer versions
some kind of enderman will appear in more
newer versions and this is the usual coal and
usually the most that neither is coal and
we put inserted and so the world
license plates are noticeable
we will fight like this is usually coal then
there will be new versions but this mod
we are already giving such an opportunity
so we will get used
further goes with us too
interesting blog this is a charcoal blog
that is, I would not have thought of
collect wood charcoal
there is no real father in the blog
updates in my opinion should not have been
but here it is interesting to work
goes further this is our block hay block
sen will also be in the skinny update this
wheat but you can also say hay and
Here it turns out such a block
there is a little bit hasty
update ie they will still be in
minecraft but now it's like
small mod and most importantly probably
which adds from here that scared so
further see what she does
red so that's just like a snowman
instead of snow we have everything on her and
it turns out we have a scarecrow m what is it
hey scarecrow stop using x-ray so not
cool here such that we scarecrow
we see that she even tosses, that is, on
service in our direction or not well or
slowly turns and looks
wants to describe the mod in general is written
that he must protect us from someone
there is he should scare them i mean let's
take zombies took zombies did not
peaceful and now and if you believe the plan then
zombies should be afraid of this miracle, see
but instead of being afraid he just
will come to something abnormal that is it
Does not help
Well, I do not know that maybe it can not work
and I got it wrong but he must have it
has been described even everyone can become
absolutely everyone but no one scares and to
you can kill him
you're trying to him this is wheat taken into account
you plan unusually 12 pieces fell out but
Basically this
the essence of fashion is there more I where else
I can not say I can not do more
nothing to look for and basically that's all
like the device if you like
more then sits on a plumb line to the channel
and all good and new meetings